add option to set xkb config from file (#1062)
YaLTeR/niri: wiki/Configuration:-Input.md

}
```

> Alternatively you can directly set a path to a .xkb file containing an xkb keymap.
> 
> ```kdl
> input {
>     keyboard {
>         xkb {
>             file "~/.config/keymap.xkb"
>         }
>     }
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!TIP]
>
> <sup>Since: next release</sup>
>
> Alternatively, you can directly set a path to a .xkb file containing an xkb keymap.
> This overrides all other xkb settings.
> 
> ```kdl
> input {
>     keyboard {
>         xkb {
>             file "~/.config/keymap.xkb"
>         }
>     }
> }
> ```
```
